chore: supabase edits (#355)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/blog/neon-vs-supabase.md

If you want a Postgres database without whistles and bells, Neon is almost the perfect database a developer would desire. It has serverless, branching, auto-scaling.

> If you want 100% Postgres compatibility or are looking to build a full-stack application, Supabase has everything

Reviewer: https://supabase.com/docs/guides/database/postgres/roles-superuser

99% or even 99.9% is fine, however, saying it 100% misses the mark as compared with self-hosted PG.

Author: ah that's an interesting point, it's probably a matter of definition but no worries I will reformulate 👍

Author: ```suggestion
If you're looking for a dedicated Postgres instance or are looking to build a full-stack application, Supabase has everything
```
